Voucher extension registry (#79)
anima-wg/voucher: draft-ietf-anima-rfc8366bis.md

The JSON serialization of vouchers implicitely accomodates the above, since the voucher is just a map (or dictionary).
Map keys are just strings, and creating unique strings is easy to do by including the manufacturer's domain name.

In CBOR serialization {{RFC9148}}/{{RFC9254}}, the situation is not so clear.
The delta encoding for keys requires new keys to use the absolute Tag(47) for new entities.
The extensions might need to use the Private Use SID values, or acquire SID values for their own use.

Where the process has become complex is when making standard extensions, as has happened recently, resulting in this document.
The processes which were anticipated to be useful, (the "augment" mechanism) turned out not to be the case, see {{extendfail}}.

The "extensions" list attribute definied in this model allows for new standard extensions to be defined.
Items within that list are strings (in JSON serialization), or integers (in CBOR serialization), as defined by the Voucher Extension Registry.

> Extensions are full YANG moduals, which are subject to SID allocation process described in {{RFC9254}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extensions are full YANG modules, which are subject to the SID allocation process described in {{RFC9254}}.
```

> When serialized the extensions are placed in a sub-map in the value section.

Reviewer: Other part of sentence missing?

Reviewer: Oops, misunderstood. Maybe

```suggestion
When an extension is serialized,  the extension is placed in a sub-map in the value section.
```

In JSON serialization, the key is the name of the extension, prefixed by the string "extension:"
In CBOR serialization, the key is the SID which is allocated as the module SID.
This will typically require the absolute Tag(47) to be applied to this key.

> 

Reviewer 2: Should we add in the registry that a new extention is always defined in a way to get an extension name and a SID? The assumption would be that in certain installations JSON is used and in more constrain environment CBOR but with the same functioanl target (based on the extension).
Jumping back from the IANA section, yes, it is done that way, so no real need to describe it here.
